new integrations-community section (#4019)
conan-io/docs: integrations/community.rst

    Conan is not responsible for any of them, and does not provide any guarantee of compatibility or support.

- **conan-rs Rust-Conan integration**: A Rust wrapper of the conan C/C++ package manager (conan.io) to simplify usage in build scripts.
  For source and support go to the `conan-rs Github page <https://github.com/Devolutions/conan-rs>`_. 
  Created by `@awakecoding <https://github.com/awakecoding>`_
- **Cruiz Conan GUI**. A Graphical User Interface for Conan client from `Mark Final <https://github.com/markfinal>`_. 
  Source and support in `cruiz Github page <https://github.com/markfinal/cruiz>`_.
- **Gradle Conan plugin**: A plugin to use Conan from the Gradle build system. See it in the `Gradle plugins site <https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/net.sf.loggersoft.cpp-conan>`_.
  For source, suppport (tickets), go to `project Sourceforge page <https://sourceforge.net/projects/gradle-cpp/>`_

.. note::

    **Notes**

    - If you have an integration that you think could be valuable for the community, and you are willing to support it,
      feel free to open a Pull Request to this page in the Github repo.

>     - Recall that these integrations are not supported by Conan team. If you have any question, issue or feedback about 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Recall that these integrations are not supported by the Conan team. If you have any questions, issues or feedback about 
```
